i18n(zh-cn): Update toc title (#1461)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/big-pots-destroy.md

---
"@astrojs/starlight": patch
---

> i18n(zh-cn): Improve the toc title translation

Reviewer: Thank you!

Suggesting a small change to match the style Sarah has recommended to us for changelogs:

```suggestion
Improves the table of contents title translation in Simplified Chinese
```

(Basic rules are: start with a third-person verb like “improves”, “fixes”, “adds” etc. and use a full sentence. More details: https://contribute.docs.astro.build/guides/new-feature-docs/#changesets)
